Fetch is so much easier to setup and work with instead of
battling against XHR and its unnecessary complexities.
So we're giving you a chance to play with fetch.
To complete this exercise,
you need to fetch a file from a server.
This is the server that you need to set up and interact with.
But don't worry, it's not complicated to get up and running.
The binary for this server is in the download section below.
So just download the project, launch it,
go to the URL it provides,
and you should see this same page.
You need to fetch the file /password.txt.
When you send the request,
you have to send it as a PUT request and include
the X-Udacity-Exercise header with some text.
If the fetch request is set up correctly,
it will return the password.
Enter that password here.
If you want an extra challenge,
try coding the fetch request from scratch instead of using the fetch builder form.
This is definitely a bit more challenging,
so I've included some helpful links in the instructor notes. Good luck.